README.md, before:

# PHP (FPM) for Drupal Docker Container Image 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wodby/drupal-php.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/wodby/drupal-php.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/wodby/drupal-php.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Docker Layers](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/wodby/drupal-php.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Wodby Slack](http://slack.wodby.com/badge.svg)](http://slack.wodby.com)

## Docker Images

* All images are based on Alpine Linux
* Base image: [wodby/php](https://github.com/wodby/php)
* [Travis CI builds](https://travis-ci.org/wodby/drupal-php) 
* [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/wodby/drupal-php)

For better reliability we release images with stability tags (`wodby/drupal-php:7.1-X.X.X`) which correspond to git tags. We **strongly recommend** using images only with stability tags. Below listed basic tags:

| Image tag (Dockerfile)                                                | PHP |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
| [7.1](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/7.1/Dockerfile) | 7.1 |
| [7.0](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/7.0/Dockerfile) | 7.0 |
| [5.6](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/5.6/Dockerfile) | 5.6 |
| [5.3](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/5.3/Dockerfile) | 5.3 |

See [wodby/php](https://github.com/wodby/php) for the exact PHP version

## Tools

[Drupal Console Launcher]: https://drupalconsole.com
[Drush]: https://packagist.org/packages/drush/drush
[Drush Registry Rebuild]: https://www.drupal.org/project/registry_rebuild
[Drush Patchfile]: https://bitbucket.org/davereid/drush-patchfile

| Tool                       | 7.1     | 7.0     | 5.6     | 5.3     |
| -------------------------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- |
| [Drush]                    | latest  | latest  | latest  | 7.4.0   |
| [Drupal Console Launcher]  | latest  | latest  | -       | -       |
| [Drush Registry Rebuild]   | 7.x     | 7.x     | 7.x     | 7.x     |
| [Drush Patchfile]          | latest  | latest  | latest  | latest  |

## Environment Variables

| Variable                          | Default Value | Description |
| --------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| PHP_ALWAYS_POPULATE_RAW_POST_DATA | -1            | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_MBSTRING_ENCODING_TRANSLATION | Off           | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_MBSTRING_HTTP_INPUT           | pass          | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_MBSTRING_HTTP_OUTPUT          | pass          | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_OUTPUT_BUFFERING              | 16384         |             |
| PHP_REALPATH_CACHE_SIZE           | 64k           | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_REALPATH_CACHE_TTL            | 3600          |             |
| PHP_SESSION_AUTO_START            | 0             | <= 5.6      |

See [wodby/php](https://github.com/wodby/php) for more variables

## Orchestration Actions

Usage:
```
make COMMAND [params ...]
 
commands:
    git-checkout target [ is_hash]
    drush-import source
    files-import source   
    init-drupal   
    cache-clear target
    cache-rebuild
    
default params values:
    target all
    is_hash 0 
```

## Complete Drupal Stack

See [wodby/docker4drupal](https://github.com/wodby/docker4drupal)

Commit message:

Add info about debug enabled images

README.md, after:

# PHP (FPM) for Drupal Docker Container Image 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wodby/drupal-php.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/wodby/drupal-php.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/wodby/drupal-php.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Docker Layers](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/wodby/drupal-php.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/wodby/drupal-php)
[![Wodby Slack](http://slack.wodby.com/badge.svg)](http://slack.wodby.com)

## Docker Images

* All images are based on Alpine Linux
* Base image: [wodby/php](https://github.com/wodby/php)
* [Travis CI builds](https://travis-ci.org/wodby/drupal-php) 
* [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/wodby/drupal-php)

For better reliability we release images with stability tags (`wodby/drupal-php:7.1-X.X.X`) which correspond to git tags. We **strongly recommend** using images only with stability tags. Below listed basic tags:

| Image tag (Dockerfile)                                                      | PHP |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --- |
| [7.1](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/7.1/Dockerfile)       | 7.1 |
| [7.0](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/7.0/Dockerfile)       | 7.0 |
| [5.6](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/5.6/Dockerfile)       | 5.6 |
| [5.3](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/5.3/Dockerfile)       | 5.3 |
| [7.1-debug](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/7.1/Dockerfile) | 7.1 |
| [7.0-debug](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/7.0/Dockerfile) | 7.0 |
| [5.6-debug](https://github.com/wodby/drupal-php/tree/master/5.6/Dockerfile) | 5.6 |

> Images with -debug tag run php compiled with --enable-debug flag  

> The 5.3 version is no longer supported by PHP team, we highly encourage switching to 5.6 

See [wodby/php](https://github.com/wodby/php) for the exact PHP version

## Tools

[Drupal Console Launcher]: https://drupalconsole.com
[Drush]: https://packagist.org/packages/drush/drush
[Drush Registry Rebuild]: https://www.drupal.org/project/registry_rebuild
[Drush Patchfile]: https://bitbucket.org/davereid/drush-patchfile

| Tool                       | 7.1     | 7.0     | 5.6     | 5.3     |
| -------------------------- | ------- | ------- | ------- | ------- |
| [Drush]                    | latest  | latest  | latest  | 7.4.0   |
| [Drupal Console Launcher]  | latest  | latest  | -       | -       |
| [Drush Registry Rebuild]   | 7.x     | 7.x     | 7.x     | 7.x     |
| [Drush Patchfile]          | latest  | latest  | latest  | latest  |

## Environment Variables

| Variable                          | Default Value | Description |
| --------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| PHP_ALWAYS_POPULATE_RAW_POST_DATA | -1            | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_MBSTRING_ENCODING_TRANSLATION | Off           | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_MBSTRING_HTTP_INPUT           | pass          | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_MBSTRING_HTTP_OUTPUT          | pass          | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_OUTPUT_BUFFERING              | 16384         |             |
| PHP_REALPATH_CACHE_SIZE           | 64k           | <= 5.6      |
| PHP_REALPATH_CACHE_TTL            | 3600          |             |
| PHP_SESSION_AUTO_START            | 0             | <= 5.6      |

See [wodby/php](https://github.com/wodby/php) for more variables

## Orchestration Actions

Usage:
```
make COMMAND [params ...]
 
commands:
    git-checkout target [ is_hash]
    drush-import source
    files-import source   
    init-drupal   
    cache-clear target
    cache-rebuild
    
default params values:
    target all
    is_hash 0 
```

## Complete Drupal Stack

See [wodby/docker4drupal](https://github.com/wodby/docker4drupal)
